to
active full through our facebook
thank you very much we put very link
to have that interactivity with all
those people who write to us
through social networks because
they always say people gift so that
they write them by messenger of three of
we who are
Of course not there are there
many people leave the most
although they continue vocal and then we go
to finish the flower pumps and let's
close
let's close
this little flower
to decorate the band I would like to say
explain to friends Alejandra that in
the market in the haberdasheries sell
can get a great diversity of
bandana to decorate the ties for
decorate the materials to decorate the
most beautiful bands then we're going to
introduce a thread in this petals
true
and we are going to make a small knot fighting
the petal in this way
and so it will stay
the domed petal, as always, my
princess sofia
helps me give the names to the
flowers and the ties made then
let's put this flower a bump
we carry out she helps me is my
small creative
but it is not written between selling
facebook pic carreño and also maría
gonzález through a link that
we share
part of the creative talent groups
so it's good thank you very much to
you for tuning us to
through the carrey website in several
apples too
of cachipo for each one
also greeting are new viewers
because we do not know that we were
looking over there because files and they say
which is through the cables
good breaking the barrier one more time
us with monagas look back those
programs and their creative ideas
remember that we broadcast from Monday to
Friday 9 and 30 in the morning and repetition
at one thirty in the afternoon
reached for friends be sun sea and
write down and creations about loneliness to
our places
what we lack
A phone number 0424 96 17 36
the teacher's contact number
Sun if they want to give him something
or also if you want to know information
of a cost of the courses that is
channeling 7 on 8 for Saturday 8
there we have the pieces and he wants them
show the advanced laxes the pressed
I feel that they are here like this
rogue these ties with different
made and of course the ties that
we have them here that are between advanced
she makes the headband tie combo
is also asking us if this
Friday we will have what was the
show
free in the gentlemen we're going to
suspend and we will leave it for later
in the carnivals we will be
offering right there from the center in the
multi atlas shopping center
at 2 in the afternoon for Friday more
above
the free demonstration of ties
simple jewelry of foami of all
a little bit there in our friends of
collage because then we have here them
send the finished flower we are going to
place the smallest in the center
we go
we put in the pile always taking care
the details of the thread with which we are going to
perform the pantyhose of the petals
be the same color
of the tape
and we can place it on
in the bandana as I said good
at the pleasure of the mothers of the bands that
that they can use the material that
can use
exist in girls like those
we can observe there in the costumes of
shows that we have two bands then
decorated
with these spectacular flowers that
teach the friends you see and serve and
it is a means of creation is only to carry
what is good good today here
we already have our goal of all
people who wrote to us touched him
write today in our assistant
production was here writing let's
to deliver the first gift that is the
which is pending last week
that the teacher and zaira did not tell us
He is a speaker who by the way was
tasting and was delighted with the
receptivity of our program
she is in tucupita right now we are going to
see now that let's see who is the
winner this box
Felix to his identity card ends
in 424 Felix there we have it from the list
424 we are going to deliver now what is the
teacher's guide sun that you feel that
Here is the step-by- step manual of the
flower pump h that are applying here
for ramírez ramírez ends at 347 eva
ramirez there we have
there we have it and good of course as
two people wrote to us through
the
when you arrive in digital you only have to
leave your email
vick carreño y maría gonzález
they wrote through the groups
they wrote today so
right now since you 're connected
back on the web you can add to the
teacher sol Maria riding there or as
creations just call you leave your mail
electronic and I know that you are in
contact via web and adam there framing
the guide what barbarian your baby would be good
Sun
and that beautiful creation and that's good
happy and grateful the tele later
to answer it is the messages and
calls because just like you say you
you put füle who has forbidden the
low then that's the good thing about this
reciprocity in what is the program
good gentlemen of current the appointment
morning 9 30 in the morning in the afternoon
repeat if you missed it is one and 30
always bringing you a world of
crafts that you find yourself in
Casita Chau Chau until tomorrow
ah